[CHA 933] update doc based on feedback (#952)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/akeneo-event-platform/akeneo-event-platform.md

# Event Platform

## Event Platform Overview

The **Event Platform** seamlessly integrates with Akeneo PIM through a subscription-based event system. External applications can subscribe to specific events triggered within Akeneo PIM, enabling faster data updates and synchronization than continuous polling.

> AEP ensures smooth and efficient responses to changes in your PIM, such as product updates, deletions, and other significant events, enhancing your system’s responsiveness and connectivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using our event platform ensures smooth and efficient responses to changes in your PIM, such as product updates, deletions, and other significant events, enhancing your system’s responsiveness and connectivity.
```
